Back in our app we’re going to create event
binding to toggle between showing or hiding
one of our images.
So let’s start by opening up our books-list.html
file.
We’ll add a button that’s going to trigger
our click event.
We’ll use a bootstrap class for styling
and then create our click event setting it
equal to a method we’ll define in our class
named toggleImage.
Now switching back into our class we’ll
first add a property named showImage which
will be a boolean and set to true.
Now we’ll create our toggleImage method.
The logic inside the method will toggle the
image to show or hide when our button is clicked.
And the last thing we need to do is connect
our showImage property to an image we want
to toggle in the view.
We can use the ngIf directive here.
This will check the boolean value of our property.
So if our showImage property is set to true,
as it is in the default, our image will appear.
If the showImage property is set to false
then it will not appear.
Directives like this ngIf will be discussed
in detail in the next section.
Now we can go ahead and test out our new feature.
And you can see we are able to toggle our
image on and off.
One small enhancement we can make here is
to add interpolation with our property.
This is a terniary which checks whether or
not something is true.
So if showImage is true then the text Hide
Image will appear in the button and if showImage
is false then the text Show Image will be
shown in the button.
And on save you can see that our hide and
show text is being updated.